b'rollandwest70@gmail.com'
b'ATTENTION: FUND BENEFICIARY '
My name is Mr.Rolland West of Continental Exchange Solutions London U.K. I am an independent external auditor for the World Bank handling the Foreign Banks Debt Management Office. I have in front of me an abandoned transfer file containing details to an escrow account set up in your name. The file shows that you have correctly made application to have your funds released to you. It is also clearly noted on the file that the beneficiary could not handle the financial commitment required of him. Due to this the funds were pegged and abandoned.As an international independent external auditor i think it is very absurd to abandon ones funds for this simple reason. To tell you the truth I do not believe this to be true and my reason is simply because of the irregularities I noticed while compiling the audit report for the end of the financial year. I have therefore decided to reach you to know if you actually abandoned this File and if not, I have perfected plans to have this funds transferred to you within the shortest possible time,. Upon your confirmation I will give you further directives. Regards, Mr.Rolland West. Continental Exchange Solutions. London. U.K Tel:+44-703-595-0456 My name is Mr.Rolland West of Continental Exchange Solutions London U.K. I am an independent external auditor for the World Bank handling the Foreign Banks Debt Management Office. I have in front of me an abandoned transfer file containing details to an escrow account set up in your name. The file shows that you have correctly made application to have your funds released to you. It is also clearly noted on the file that the beneficiary could not handle the financial commitment required of him. Due to this the funds were pegged and abandoned.As an international independent external auditor i think it is very absurd to abandon ones funds for this simple reason. To tell you the truth I do not believe this to be true and my reason is simply because of the irregularities I noticed while compiling the audit report for the end of the financial year. I have therefore decided to reach you to know if you actually abandoned this File and if not, I have perfected plans to have this funds transferred to you within the shortest possible time,. Upon your confirmation I will give you further directives. Regards, Mr.Rolland West. Continental Exchange Solutions. London. U.K Tel:+44-703-595-0456 

