b'info@shaw.ca'
b'IMPORTANT MESSAGE FROM EFCC'
Sometimes, I do wonder if you are really, really with your senses. How Could you keep trusting people and at the end you will loose your hard Earned money, or are you being deceived by their big names? They Impersonate on many offices, claiming to be Governors, Directors/Chairmen of one Office or the other. Their game plan is only just to extort your hard Earned money. Now, the question is how long you will continue to be Deceived? Sometimes, they will issue you fake check, introduce you to fake Diplomatic delivery, un-existing on-line banking and they will also fake wire transfer of Your fund with Payment Stop Order and even send you fake Atm cards etc. Anyway, by the virtue of my position I have been following this Transaction from inception and all your efforts towards realizing the Fund. More often than not, I sit down and laugh at your ignorance and That of those who claim they are assisting you, it is very unfortunate That at the end you loose. Although, I don't blame you because you are Not here in Nigeria to witness the processing of your payment in Nigeria. The problem you are having is that you been told the whole truth About this transaction and it is because of this truth they decided to Be extorting your money. The most annoying part is even fraudsters Have really taken advantage of this opportunity to enrich them selves At your expense. Those you feel are assisting or working for you are Your main problems. I know the truth surrounding this payment and I am The only person who will deliver you from this long suffering if you will abide by my advice. They claim that they are helping you and you forward all the fraudulent e-mails you receive to them. At the end they do nothing about the fraudsters. Soon they will ask you to pay money to receive a compensation of millions of dollars Do not pay any money to them because they are only interested in your hard earned money and you will never receive any compensation in return, they will always keep coming back to ask for more money. Please I beseech you to stop pursuit of shadows and being Deceived. Feel free to contact me immediately you receive this mail so that I can Explain to you the modus-operandi guiding the release of your Payment. Do not panic, be rest assured that this arrangement will be Guided by your Embassy here in Nigeria. N/B: You are urgently requested to provide me with the following information Full Name: Address: Telephone Number: Occupation: Passport Or National Identity Copy: Contact me upon the receipt of this mail if you wish to receive your fund and stop wasting your hard earn money.. I await your urgent response. Yours Sincerely, Mr. Ibrahim Mustafa Magu. CHAIRMAN ECONOMIC & FINANCIAL CRIME COMMISSION 

