b'hr@host1plus.com'
b'With Trust.....195'
Federal Ministry of Agriculture and Natural Resources. Federal capital territory Office. complex block A,area 11 P.M.B.135 Garki Abuja.Fct Hello It is with trust and confidence that i write to make this urgent business proposal to you.i was assigned by two of my colleague to seek for a foreign partner who will assist us in providing a convenient foreign account in any designated bank abroad for the transfer of us$35,500,000.00 pending on our arrival in your country for utilization and disbursement with the owner of the account. this amount results from a deliberate inflation of the value of a contract awarded by our ministry - the federal ministry of agriculture (fma)to an expatriate company.the contract has been executed and payment made to the original contractor,remaining the over-invoiced amount of us$35.5 million,which we want to transfer the funds out the country in our favour for disbursement among ourselves.the transfer of this money can only be possible with the help of a foreigner who will be presented as the beneficiary of the fund. as government officials, we are not allowed to operate foreign accounts,and this is the reason why we decided to contact you. we have agreed that if you/your company can act as the beneficiary of this fund (us$35,500,000.00 million)25% of the total sum will be for you for providing the account while 5% will be set aside for the expenses incurred during the cost of transfer of the fund into your account while 70% will be reserved for us. we hereby solicit for your assistance in providing a convenient account number in a designated bank abroad where this fund would be transferred.we intend coming over there on the completion of this transfer to secure our own share of the money. please note that we have been careful and have made all arrangements towards the success and smooth transfer of the fund to your account before you. for security reasons and confidentiality of this transaction, we demand that you should not expose this proposal and the entire transaction to anybody. we are putting so much trust in you with the hope that you would not betray us. or sit on this money when it is finally transferred into your account.be rest assured that this transaction is 100% risk free. if this proposal is acceptable to you,indicate your interest by sending a email to us including your bank name & address,account number,telephone and fax numbers. note:our former president Dr.Good luck Ebele Jonathan collaborated with the former chairman of the economic financial crime commission ,Chief (Mrs.) Farida Mzamber Waziri to stop the junior ranks officers from transferring funds out of the country. he sent different publication to many countries in the world as propaganda to discourage all government officials from transferring funds into an overseas account to avoid and save guides the countries economy. apparently, so that other government officials will not benefits from these( oil windfalls venture) where he has been a culprit alone with his aides.more details about this transaction will be given to you as soon as we receive your positive respond. note that the particular nature of your company's business is irrelevant to this transaction. if this transaction interests you, your urgent response will be appreciated. yours faithfully, Dr.Evans Egobia Cellphone+234-80-9239-0816 Private E-mail: drevansgobiaa3@yahoo.com 

