b'service@noborders-group.com'
b'No Borders Migration Newsletter - 5 April 2019'
"No Borders Migration Newsletter - 5 April 2019 Friday, 5th April 2019 Issue #1 TOP STORY ISSUES OF THIS MONTH Visa charges to increase under Australia's 2019 budget Australian tourism body calls for 'visa for life' for frequent travellers Eddie Kang found to have ripped off tens of thousands from international students Available Jobs in Australia Visa charges to increase under Australia's 2019 budget From the 1st of July 2019 most visa application charges will be increasing by 5.4%. The exception will be the Visitor Visa subclass 600 which will stay at the same price. Along with the increase of fees, the Australian government will be making many changes to the migration system over the coming year. These changes include: removing visas to introduce new visas, reducing the immigration intake, and changing the requirements for some visas. For further details on the effect of the budget please visit our website *here* Australian tourism body calls for 'visa for life' for frequent travellers The Australian Tourism Export Council has recommended that the Australian government invests in a 'visa for life' for regular tourists. This visa would be for international visitors who regularly visit Australia that have cleared all the appropriate security checks. The Council states that Australia is losing out on tourists who would visit Australia spontaneously because of the country's large backlog for visa processing. This may cause the tourists to go to another country with a faster visa processing system which makes Australia lose out on tourism money. The Council states Australia needs better resources to speed up the visa system. Eddie Kang found to have ripped off tens of thousands from international students Eddie Kang, who has previously been convicted of fraud, has been found to be up to his old tricks and is still conning international students out of tens of thousands of dollars. Kang is known to advertise employee sponsorship deals so students can gain permanent residency in Australia. However, once the students pay they find that the sponsored job doesn't exist and Kang never applied for their visas. Kang has run many different companies under this guise, and despite being convicted of fraud he is still permitted to run a business as long as he is not sole director. This issue highlights why it is so important that migrants do their research on migration agents before engaging them. Make sure your migration agent is registered with Migration Agents Registration Authority (MARA), as this body regulates official migration agents. By using an agent who is not registered with MARA to assist with your visa application, you may be exposing yourself to migration fraud. Available Jobs in Australia Job2Go is a local recruitment company based in Adelaide, Queensland and Sydney, and has been providing staffing solutions and human resource services to small to large sized companies throughout Australia. We are hiring for the following positions. Cook An exciting opportunity had opened for an experienced Cook! Our client has been providing high quality authentic Indian food for the past 20 years. The right candidate will have excellent knowledge of dishes from all over India. To be successful in this role, you will have: Formal qualification Relevant experience as a Cook in similar position is preferred. The ability to work in a fast paced environment where you will be required to stand for extended periods of time. The ability to make independent decisions when circumstances warrant such action. Attention to detail and be a good team player. Panel Beater Well established Brisbane Auto Centre is seeking to employ an experienced Panel Beater. Your role will require you do the following: Conducting finishing touches on panel repairs including grinding, filing, polishing, painting and spray painting. Fitting and replacing damaged vehicle parts with new panels. Utilising welding equipment in cutting and fitting new parts onto the vehicle. Filling small and large depressions with plastic fillers. Repairing dents and damaged panels. Utilising hydraulic equipment to straighten, realign and repair damaged vehicle parts. Removing upholstery and other vehicle parts. 5 years experience with exclusive European cars like Ferrari, Maserati, Audi, Porsche etc. Assisting in any other work the supervisor sees fit. Office Manager Our client has an exciting opportunity for an experienced Office Manager to join their team! This family owned business specialises in commercial printing including digital, wide format and offset printing. Proven to be very successful, they are currently undergoing a major expansion and therefore are in need of an Office Manager who possess high standards of organisational skills. The successful candidate will possess: Experience within a professional service firm Formal qualifications required Strong work ethic and be highly organised and attention to detail with accountability Excellent written and verbal communication skills Ability to prioritise and balance several tasks and work with deadlines with a demonstrated ability to work on multiple projects at one time Strong administrative skills including record keeping and note taking Pastry Chef / Baker With an established brand, our company requires individuals who has trade qualifications and experience as a Baker/Pastry Cook. The position broadly entails: Preparing and mixing ingredients according to formulas and methods Operating manufacturing equipment Maintaining a clean and tidy work area Understanding and implementing different cooking processes. The individual applying requires: Trade qualifications in baking Available for full time work Ability to work in a team environment Knowledge of baking industry Good communication skills A positive work attitude and professional manner Demonstrate a high degree of attention to detail If you believe you are an applicable candidate and have plenty of energy and enthusiasm, then please forward your resume and cover letter. Medical Administrator To be successful in this role, you will have: At least a Bachelor degree or at least 5 years’ of relevant experience. An understanding of medico-legal issues and the legislative framework for public health services Ability to work collaboratively with members of an inter-disciplinary team and to communicate with clinical and non-clinical staff Ability to analyse and critically evaluate relevant information and apply to medical management issues Well- developed written and communication skills Contact Job2Go on 1300 562246 . If you are interested in any of these positions, please send your resume to jobs@job2go.org Alternatively you can check our website for further details We hope that you have found the information in this issue of our newsletter to be enriching and useful. Stay tuned for our next publication and if you would like to talk to us directly, please do not hesitate to email service@noborders-group.com . In addition, if you would like your contact details updated or removed from this distribution list or you know someone who would like to be added, please email us on the same address. ""The only limits to being the person you truly want to be are your own self-limiting beliefs and thoughts. In every moment, you have the power to choose your life"" Email: service@noborders-group.com Phone: *(+61) 07 3876 4000* Web: www.noborders- group.com NO BORDERS Universal Migration Level 4, 20 Park Road Milton, Brisbane - 4064 Queensland AUSTRALIA "

